Add documentation for feature gates and bootstrap synchronisation (#3084)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs/source/reference/feature-gates.md

# Feature Gates

{{productName}} lets you enable or disable features using feature gates. This document provides an overview of the available feature gates and instructions on how to use them.

## Available feature gates

The following feature gates are available in {{productName}}:

:::{list-table}
:widths: 60 20 20
:header-rows: 1

* - Feature Gate
  - Default
  - Since
* - AutomaticTLSCertificates
  - `true`
  - v1.11
* - BootstrapSynchronisation
  - `false`
  - v1.19
:::

> - The "Default" indicates if the feature gate is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The "Default" indicates if the feature is enabled when you don't set any value.
```

# Feature Gates

{{productName}} lets you enable or disable features using feature gates. This document provides an overview of the available feature gates and instructions on how to use them.

## Available feature gates

The following feature gates are available in {{productName}}:

:::{list-table}
:widths: 40 20 20 20
:header-rows: 1

* - Feature Gate
  - Default
  - Stage
  - Since
* - AutomaticTLSCertificates
  - `true`
  - Beta
  - v1.11
* - BootstrapSynchronisation
  - `false`
  - Alpha
  - v1.19
:::

> - The "Stage" column indicates the maturity level of the feature. {{productName}} follows the feature stages defined in the [upstream Kubernetes Feature Gates documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/#feature-stages).

Author: > It was decided not to use the alpha/beta language with bootstrap sync

When has that been decided? Feature stages are a part of the codebase: https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/blob/07a0194361995fe002bea4a5b88a36c54b922cf9/pkg/features/features.go#L40.
Features can be enabled by setting `--feature-gate=AllAlpha=true,AllBeta=true` for example, so from the interface perspective it's also a thing.

Do you mean to just not communicate it in the docs?

> As for AutomaticTLSCertificates - I would like to hear your opinion, but I feel that this may be time to drop the beta language. Thoughts?

If we're certain that we won't make any incompatible changes then yes, I don't see why not. Although I remember the idea of dropping it and replacing it with an external dependency was floating around at some point?
